[Music]
Diane didn't take much she wasn't really
yanking me just nagging a little bit and
is that the angle - do you see the angle
is that so you can reproduce this later
Diane see the I mean you're gonna walk
straight towards me you're having
difficulty walking straight okay so just
walk straight yeah it's okay he'll
handle the leash what will tell you when
to pay are you he will tell you
oh hey he dropped back hey when you pay
Diane out him I'll tell you or down them
but so when you pay turn it in don't
toss it up it's just very calm turn it
turn the toy in like here put it put it
in your arm how you gonna hold it right
now like that in fate yep don't you toss
it up last time as soon as you toss it
comes to life more right kid do you want
another toy will that help you oh nice
look up Heinkel mega tree of mark
forward they doesn't know yeah all the
time
[Music]
hey next time next time he does a nice
finish like that fan for it done three
of them
okay yeah
oh it's almost better french fries you
tell her this time can't listen to both
of us you gotta see it too oh yeah by go
on this dog you gotta you know pick your
battles then bring your hand in a little
bit you're not gonna heal with your hand
out that bar right there
[Music]
what's your marker word what's it what's
the duration word what's your duration
word if you what's yes mean yes he's
doing good he's gonna get reward or just
yes okay and what's your just a marker
word that a rewards not coming okay
got to figure that out till they put her
hand out a little bit he'll find that
pocket I know but deed this dog doesn't
really know it with the pocket you had
to go change it yeah they changed it and
then I had my
give him a pocket again no still hold no
hold it okay wait now bring it straight
above his head and then reward there you
go so she can even practice that she can
even do that again but put the toy on
the inside of his head stays good bring
it back outside again that me since
Diane you're gonna make make the pocket
if he does good slowly try to bring your
hand and like beside you and then bring
it back out and then pay him for it yep
so the dogs not relying on the pocket
yeah but you're gonna bring it behind
him and put your hand your hands gonna
end it up by it's by your side yes like
that